hello yes thank you for joining us
welcome maybe you could take us on a
trip and explain to us a little more
about this extraordinary design it's the
first mini is four meters these four
doors with supports right we have a very
innovative door concept on the driver
side first of all you see quite a normal
toy like on FB to attend to innovative
part starts the f8 door which swivels
out and slides back you can move the
door away from your entry and exit area
so you easily can enter with no pillar
sister makes much more comfortable to
get angry get out there definitely the
rear door has two main functions number
one for first small presence you bring
home to your wife you can do through the
window you don't need to open the door
exactly right we have a very clever way
to open the rear smoothly slides around
the car in a circular element meaning is
all about clever functionality the third
highlight is a roof system either expect
like here or you move the whole package
forward so you have a pickup or you have
a convertible situation like this for
you close it completely
now gap
I'm very impressed by the exterior and I
think you are too
maybe if you tell us a little about the
highlights here in the interior one is
it the center rail system which runs
from the front who's the very end of the
car and on this rail system you can
position different sorts of features and
these computers cup holders or armrests
maybe we can talk about the materials I
see a lot of interesting material that
you again here's a four we have surreal
wood we have the real class in the doors
and we have surreal aluminum and we have
surreal fossil and now this is very
interesting the mini Center globe
incorporates all mm eye and all human
factor interface features of the car
which as you know normally are spread
all over the place in a 2d way and why
not do it in a 3d way the center globe
functions as the heart of your courage
as a heartbeat this is a starting button
all right you have you a pre
configurated little D ball which at home
is configurated on a computer official
music in which the telephone numbers
with your famous hotels this navigation
with your personal adjustment of the
seat so it's a configuration key ball
which also functions as your teeth this
key you throw in here like a pachinko
ball and then a tiara opens and we have
a screen with a navigation system and
all the information you need on a car
but the most important element is on a
cloth you have for eastern and western
hemisphere like an arse okay and open
this piece please your hemisphere comes
to you and you have your Google
and I still have my driver-oriented
information navigation system I'd like
to say congratulations to this beautiful
car and hoping to see this soon in the
future on the streets we will fight hard
and we will see thank you very much
president running you through my car
thank you